capital = 525 #South Korea - Seoul or Busan

oob = "KOR_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	mass_assault = 1
}

### 지도자 ###
recruit_character = KOR_yi_dong_hwi
recruit_character = KOR_lyuh_woon_hyung
recruit_character = KOR_lee_beom_seok
recruit_character = KOR_yi_wu

### 정치고문 ###
recruit_character = KOR_kim_kyu_sik
recruit_character = KOR_hyeon_jun_ho
recruit_character = KOR_park_heung_sik
recruit_character = KOR_syngman_rhee
recruit_character = KOR_yun_il_zung
recruit_character = KOR_kim_koo
recruit_character = KOR_jo_so_ang
recruit_character = KOR_ahn_chang_ho
recruit_character = KOR_kim_du_bong
recruit_character = KOR_alexandra_kim
recruit_character = KOR_cho_bong_am
recruit_character = KOR_gang_se_hyeong
recruit_character = KOR_ahn_ho_sang
recruit_character = KOR_sin_chae_ho
recruit_character = KOR_yi_kang
recruit_character = KOR_yi_kyu_wan
recruit_character = KOR_min_young_hwan

### 이론가 ###
recruit_character = KOR_kim_hong_il
recruit_character = KOR_park_ok_kyu
recruit_character = KOR_jang_duk_chang
recruit_character = KOR_do_sang_log

### 육군참모총장 ###
recruit_character = KOR_shin_pal_gyun
recruit_character = KOR_kim_chwa_chin
recruit_character = KOR_ahn_jung_geun

### 해군참모총장 ###
recruit_character = KOR_sin_sun_sung
recruit_character = KOR_yi_kyu_gap

### 공군참모총장 ###
recruit_character = KOR_no_baek_rin
recruit_character = KOR_seo_wal_bo

### 최고사령부 ###
recruit_character = KOR_ji_cheong_cheon
recruit_character = KOR_kim_suk_won
recruit_character = KOR_hong_sa_ik
recruit_character = KOR_kim_kyung_cheon
recruit_character = KOR_choi_sung_hak
recruit_character = KOR_choe_yong_duk
recruit_character = KOR_ahn_chang_nam

### 육군 원수 ###
recruit_character = KOR_yi_won

### 육군 장성 ###
recruit_character = KOR_yu_dong_yeol
recruit_character = KOR_kim_won_bong
recruit_character = KOR_oh_dong_jin
recruit_character = KOR_hwang_byeong_gil
recruit_character = KOR_song_ho_seong
recruit_character = KOR_lee_eung_jun

### 해군 제독 ###
recruit_character = KOR_sohn_won_yil
recruit_character = KOR_yi_un
recruit_character = KOR_yi_jae_gak
recruit_character = KOR_yi_geon
recruit_character = KOR_shin_sung_mo

add_ideas = {
	#각료
	yi_kang
	
	#경제, 법률, 징병제
	limited_conscription
	export_focus
	civilian_economy

	#국민정신
	KOR_questions_government
	KOR_army_up
	KOR_land_problem
	KOR_labor_rights_no
	KOR_intel
	KOR_great_depression
}

set_convoys = 150

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 31
	fascism = 30
	communism = 4
	neutrality = 35
}

country_event = { id = korea_intro.1 hours = 2 }
