capital = 330
oob = "MON_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	limited_conscription
}

### 지도자 ###
recruit_character = MON_peljidiin_genden
recruit_character = MON_unenbayan
recruit_character = MON_7th_changkya_khutukhtu
recruit_character = MON_demchugdongrub

### 정치고문 ###
recruit_character = MON_tserendondovyn_navaanneren
recruit_character = MON_tserendorj
recruit_character = MON_altanochir
recruit_character = MON_jamsrangiin_tseveen
recruit_character = MON_davizavyn_losol
recruit_character = MON_anandyn_amar
recruit_character = MON_dorjjavyn_luvsansharav

### 이론가 ###
recruit_character = MON_army_research
recruit_character = MON_navy_research
recruit_character = MON_air_research

### 육군참모총장 ###
recruit_character = MON_manlaibaatar_damdinsuren
recruit_character = MON_khatanbaatar_magsarjav
recruit_character = MON_khorloogiin_choibalsan

### 해군참모총장 ###
recruit_character = MON_navy_department

### 공군참모총장 ###
recruit_character = MON_li_shouxin
recruit_character = MON_air_department

### 최고사령부 ###
recruit_character = MON_urzhin_garmaev
recruit_character = MON_darijaya
recruit_character = MON_zhamyangiyn_lhagvasuren
recruit_character = MON_yumjaagiin_tsedenbal
recruit_character = MON_gelegdorjiin_demid

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 15
	fascism = 8
	communism = 37
	neutrality = 40
}

