capital = 525 #South Korea - Seoul or Busan

#oob = "ROK_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	mass_assault = 1
}

set_convoys = 5

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 15
	fascism = 5
	communism = 70
	neutrality = 10
}

### 지도자 ###
recruit_character = ROK_pak_hon_yong
recruit_character = ROK_lyuh_woon_hyung
recruit_character = ROK_lee_beom_seok
recruit_character = ROK_syngman_rhee

### 정치고문 ###
recruit_character = ROK_yun_il_zung
recruit_character = ROK_kim_tu_bong
recruit_character = ROK_alexandra_kim
recruit_character = ROK_cho_bong_am
recruit_character = ROK_jo_so_ang
recruit_character = ROK_park_il_wu
recruit_character = ROK_chang_myon
recruit_character = ROK_ho_chong
recruit_character = ROK_hyeon_jun_ho
recruit_character = ROK_park_heung_sik
recruit_character = ROK_chang_taek_sang

### 이론가 ###
recruit_character = ROK_council_of_theorists_red
recruit_character = ROK_council_of_theorists
recruit_character = ROK_do_sang_log

### 육군참모총장 ###
recruit_character = ROK_kim_won_bong
recruit_character = ROK_ji_cheong_cheon

### 해군참모총장 ###
recruit_character = ROK_han_il_mu
recruit_character = ROK_sohn_won_yil

### 공군참모총장 ###
recruit_character = ROK_wang_ryeon
recruit_character = ROK_choe_yong_duk

### 최고사령부 ###
recruit_character = ROK_choe_yong_gon
recruit_character = ROK_kim_chaek
recruit_character = ROK_kim_mu_chong
recruit_character = ROK_kim_hong_il
recruit_character = ROK_kim_suk_won
recruit_character = ROK_yu_dong_yeol
recruit_character = ROK_park_ok_kyu
recruit_character = ROK_jang_duk_chang

### 육군 원수 ###
recruit_character = ROK_yi_dong_hwi

### 육군 장성 ###
recruit_character = ROK_song_ho_seong
recruit_character = ROK_lee_eung_jun
recruit_character = ROK_kim_hak_kyu

### 해군 제독 ###
recruit_character = ROK_shin_sung_mo

