capital = 219

#oob = "RUS_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	mass_assault = 1
}

set_convoys = 50

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 50
	fascism = 20
	communism = 0
	neutrality = 30
}

### 지도자 ###
recruit_character = RUS_vladimir_kirillovich
recruit_character = RUS_alexander_kerensky
recruit_character = RUS_konstantin_rodzaevsky

### 정치고문 ###
#공용
recruit_character = RUS_aleksandr_konovalov
#공산주의
recruit_character = RUS_aleksandr_kazembek2
recruit_character = RUS_vasily_shulgin2
recruit_character = RUS_nikolay_ustryalov
#민주주의
recruit_character = RUS_viktor_chernov
recruit_character = RUS_pavel_milyukov
recruit_character = RUS_ivan_efremov
recruit_character = RUS_vasily_maklakov
#파시스트
recruit_character = RUS_anastasy_vonsyatsky
recruit_character = RUS_nikolay_markov
#권위주의
recruit_character = RUS_aleksandr_kazembek
recruit_character = RUS_vasily_shulgin
#정교회
recruit_character = RUS_patriarch_sergy
recruit_character = RUS_metropolitan_anastasy
recruit_character = RUS_metropolitan_nikolay
recruit_character = RUS_metropolitan_aleksy
#정보기관
recruit_character = RUS_klavdiy_foss

### 이론가 ###
recruit_character = RUS_vladimir_vitkovsky
recruit_character = RUS_nestor_monastyrev
recruit_character = RUS_aleksandr_prokofyev_seversky

### 육군참모총장 ###
recruit_character = RUS_anton_denikin
recruit_character = RUS_konstantin_nechayev
recruit_character = RUS_vasily_flug

### 해군참모총장 ###
recruit_character = RUS_mikhail_kedrov

### 공군참모총장 ###
recruit_character = RUS_vyacheslav_tkachyov
recruit_character = RUS_yan_nagursky

### 최고사령부 ###
recruit_character = RUS_pyotr_pisarev
recruit_character = RUS_fedor_abramov
recruit_character = RUS_mikhail_promtov
recruit_character = RUS_vladimir_marushevsky
recruit_character = RUS_vasily_yanchenko

### 육군 원수 ###
recruit_character = RUS_aleksandr_rodzyanko
recruit_character = RUS_andrey_shkuro

### 육군 장성 ###
recruit_character = RUS_pyotr_krasnov
recruit_character = RUS_grigory_semyonov
recruit_character = RUS_pavel_shatilov
recruit_character = RUS_vyacheslav_naumenko
recruit_character = RUS_pyotr_mashin
recruit_character = RUS_anton_turkul
recruit_character = RUS_boris_shteifon
recruit_character = RUS_yevgeny_miller
recruit_character = RUS_ivan_barbovich
recruit_character = RUS_vladimir_kosmin
recruit_character = RUS_isaac_bykadorov
recruit_character = RUS_bronislav_kaminski
recruit_character = RUS_pyotr_popov
recruit_character = RUS_anatoly_pepelyayev

### 해군 제독 ###
recruit_character = RUS_mikhail_berens
