capital = 608

oob = "SHX_1936"

set_cosmetic_tag = beijing_government
set_stability = 0.7
set_war_support = 0.4

set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	mass_assault = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 100
}

### 지도자 ###
recruit_character = SHX_ccp
recruit_character = SHX_li_huang
recruit_character = SHX_yan_xishan

### 정치고문 ###
#염계
recruit_character = SHX_zhao_daiwen
recruit_character = SHX_jia_jingde
recruit_character = SHX_liang_huazhi
recruit_character = SHX_h_h_kung
recruit_character = SHX_sun_chu
#국민군
recruit_character = SHX_feng_yuxiang
recruit_character = SHX_hu_jingtong
recruit_character = SHX_yu_xinqing
recruit_character = SHX_bo_yibo
recruit_character = SHX_security
#무소속
recruit_character = SHX_wellington_koo
recruit_character = SHX_yan_huiqing
recruit_character = SHX_tang_shaoyi
recruit_character = SHX_zhao_pilian
recruit_character = SHX_lian_tianxiang

### 이론가 ###
recruit_character = SHX_army_research
recruit_character = SHX_navy_research
recruit_character = SHX_air_research

### 육군참모총장 ###
#염계
recruit_character = SHX_fu_zuoyi
recruit_character = SHX_xu_yongchang
#국민군
recruit_character = SHX_sun_yue

### 해군참모총장 ###
recruit_character = SHX_sa_zhenbing
recruit_character = SHX_wu_renli

### 공군참모총장 ###
#염계
recruit_character = SHX_zhong_jihan
#국민군
recruit_character = SHX_cao_baoqing

### 최고사령부 ###
#염계
recruit_character = SHX_yang_aiyuan
recruit_character = SHX_wang_jingguo
recruit_character = SHX_zhao_chengshou
recruit_character = SHX_shang_zhen
#국민군
recruit_character = SHX_zhang_zizhong
recruit_character = SHX_sun_lianzhong
#무소속
recruit_character = SHX_du_xigui

### 육군 장성 ###
recruit_character = SHX_chen_changjie
recruit_character = SHX_song_zheyuan
recruit_character = SHX_gao_guizi
recruit_character = SHX_yang_hucheng

add_ideas = {
	#각료
	SHX_feng_yuxiang
}

