capital = 608

set_cosmetic_tag = china_small

#oob = "ZLC_1936"

set_research_slots = 3

#시작 완료 연구
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	mass_assault = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			gwtank = 1
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
	}
}

set_convoys = 40

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 0
	fascism = 0
	communism = 0
	neutrality = 100
}

### 지도자 ###
recruit_character = ZLC_ccp
recruit_character = ZLC_hu_shih
recruit_character = ZLC_wu_peifu
recruit_character = ZLC_cao_kun

### 정치고문 ###
recruit_character = ZLC_bai_jianwu
recruit_character = ZLC_li_linsi
recruit_character = ZLC_wellington_koo
recruit_character = ZLC_xiong_bingqi
recruit_character = ZLC_yan_huiqing
recruit_character = ZLC_liu_menggeng

### 이론가 ###
recruit_character = ZLC_zhili_army_research
recruit_character = ZLC_zhili_navy_research
recruit_character = ZLC_zhili_air_research

### 육군참모총장 ###
recruit_character = ZLC_jiang_baili
recruit_character = ZLC_zhang_qihuang

### 해군참모총장 ###
recruit_character = ZLC_sa_zhenbing
recruit_character = ZLC_wu_renli

### 공군참모총장 ###
recruit_character = ZLC_liu_muqun
recruit_character = ZLC_shi_bangfan

### 최고사령부 ###
recruit_character = ZLC_cai_chengxun
recruit_character = ZLC_li_bingzhi
recruit_character = ZLC_lu_xiangting
recruit_character = ZLC_zhang_shaozeng
recruit_character = ZLC_du_xigui
recruit_character = ZLC_wang_lingyun

### 육군 장성 ###
recruit_character = ZLC_liu_zhenhua
recruit_character = ZLC_wang_huaiqing
recruit_character = ZLC_xiao_yaonan
recruit_character = ZLC_xing_shilian
recruit_character = ZLC_du_xijun
recruit_character = ZLC_guo_jijiao
recruit_character = ZLC_wei_yisan

add_ideas = {
	#각료
	wu_peifu
}
